content/pages/Service.md, before:

Title: Service
Date: 2024-03-03
Category: Service
Slug: Service
page-order: 3

Organizing Committee Membership
--

- SIAM Southeastern Sectional Meeting 2023, Virginia Tech

Event Organization and Administration
--

- SIAM Eastern Sectional Meeting 2024 special session on Post-Quantum Cryptography, Howard University
- Coding Theory and Cryptography Workshop 2023, Virginia Tech Steger Center
- SIAM Southeastern Sectional Meeting 2023 special session on Cryptography and Applications, Virginia Tech

Program Committee Membership
--

- International Conference on Cryptology in Indian (Indocrypt) 2024, 2023, 2022
- International Workshop on Mathematical Cryptology (MathCrypt) 2023
- Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy (ACISP) 2022
- International Conference on Security and Privacy (ICSP) 2024, 2021

Manuscript Reviewing
--

### Journals

- Australasian Journal of Combinatorics
- Journal of Mathematical Cryptology
- Theoretical Computer Science
- IET Information Security

### Conferences and Workshops

- International Cryptology Conference (CRYPTO) 2023
- Algorithmic Number Theory Symposium (ANTS) 2024, 2022
- International Conference on Post-Quantum Cryptography (PQCrypto) 2021
- Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy (ACISP) 2021
- International Conference on the Theory and Application of Cryptology and Information Security (Asiacrypt) 2021, 2019
- International Workshop on Security (IWSEC) 2017

Commit message:

Updated Research, Service, and Teaching

content/pages/Service.md, after:

Title: Service
Date: 2024-03-03
Category: Service
Slug: Service
page-order: 3

Conference and Workshop Organization
--
- ICERM Graduate Workshop on Linear Algebra over Finite Fields & Applications (LAFFA) 2025
- Banff International Research Station (BIRS) Workshop on Isogeny Graphs in Cryptography 2025 
- VT-Swiss Coding Theory and Cryptography Workshop 2025
- Mathematics - Opportunites in Reseearch and Education (MORE) 2025
- University of Auckland Workshop on Mathematical Cryptography 2024
- VT-Swiss Coding Theory and Cryptography Summer School 2024
- AMS Eastern Sectional Meeting 2024 Special Session on Post-Quantum Cryptography 
- Steger Center Coding Theory and Cryptography Workshop 2023
- SIAM Southeastern Sectional Meeting 2023
- SIAM Southeastern Sectional Meeting 2023 Special Session on Cryptography and Applications


Program Committee Membership
--

- International Conference on Practive and Theory in Public Key Cryptography (PKC) 2026
- Symmetric Key Agreement Workshop (SKAW) 2024
- International Conference on Cryptology in Indian (Indocrypt) 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022
- International Workshop on Mathematical Cryptology (MathCrypt) 2025, 2023
- Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy (ACISP) 2025, 2022
- International Conference on Security and Privacy (ICSP) 2024, 2021

Manuscript Reviewing
--

### Journals

- Australasian Journal of Combinatorics
- Designs, Codes, and Cryptography
- IET Information Security
- Journal of Information Security and Applications
- Journal of Mathematical Cryptology
- Theoretical Computer Science

### Conferences and Workshops

- International Conference on Practive and Theory in Public Key Cryptography (PKC) 2025
- International Cryptology Conference (CRYPTO) 2023
- Algorithmic Number Theory Symposium (ANTS) 2024, 2022
- International Conference on Post-Quantum Cryptography (PQCrypto) 2021
- Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy (ACISP) 2021
- International Conference on the Theory and Application of Cryptology and Information Security (Asiacrypt) 2021, 2019
- International Workshop on Security (IWSEC) 2017
